okay historical moment guys you see how
many of you there eight hundred thousand
yeah thank you so much for falling
that's like eight thank you so much I'm
gonna celebrate with some Korean
barbecue today
yeah and we're gonna make a video hey
guys welcome to my channel I'm here
today we're gonna teach me Korean I
spent four days in Korea I don't know
any single word because nothing actually
picked it up from your video that's what
I'm using but she's gonna teach me some
real Korean so if you're interested
continue watching this video
[Music]
open up stars so I think we should first
start with say hello yes cool yeah it
can't work but still there's also high
in Korean Korea yeah and it is I'm young
but I know but you know you can't forget
of easily so one way to memorize it is
just think of an onion onion yeah nice
onion
yeah yeah I mean you don't need to do it
like we're doing a show for Korean TV
and he was like oh there's a heart in
Russia that's like giving me money and
he was like show this like money so
funny like this is a heart yeah this is
the heart in Korea probably if there are
k-pop fans out there you would know
[Music]
maybe yeah that's a little interesting
um I'm Jung by the way is informal
language in Korea so the interesting
thing of thinking about Korean language
is that we have informal language and
formal language okay do they do you have
that is same in Russian yeah oh so in
formal language we use it to friends and
clear were younger than you because age
is
of important in Korea you know
hierarchical yeah and we use formal
language to adult and people who want to
show respect
so I'm young is in formal language there
is a formal language to say Daniel which
is onion onion SL Oh see you see this
language quadrant perfected enunciation
the bad thing about it I'm gonna forget
it oh you would it but no onion I would
yeah onion onion ring come on onion
onion half a onion herself I'm Jana zo
and you're necessary yes great and there
we it's good if we do with about because
we bow oh right cool
[Music]
the next important word or phrase may be
thank you thank you thank you we have
also many ways to say thank you but I
guess the most useful thank you for you
to know is the formal thank you because
you would you have a lot of meetings
here and you meet many strangers so when
you see the person for the first time
you always say with the formal language
right so that one is comes on either
[Laughter]
but this you're the language blogger
okay come hop me come down me back turns
out neither yes comes on me down comes
out you know that was perfect
comes on me down it literally is perfect
perfect thank you yeah it comes on me
back in San Vito and you don't need to
do this anyway just like it because
Korean way of bowing is just no hand
gesture and just like it's actually this
one and then comes on is there a way to
remember I like a shortcut
I usually don't you know another word of
I tried to learn several times that
YouTube's office today when you eat and
film a video is the trend Mokpo mukbang
oh it's so much money because Bob um
literally means you know eating show
eating show as it actually became a
world word worldwide and I heard that
it's actually like in an online
dictionary or something because it's a
specific thing and no other language
have Pavle yeah I'm cab you Larry yeah
[Music]
where's the stage of how do I get there
like all of those they never unlike the
where's and then like where is Lotte
tower okay so that wasn't easy for me
you just need to know the phrase all
view audio mmm oh dear you I would you
yes oh dear you oh yeah yeah I'm trying
to look at your tongue very good oh you
would you great you like you oh yeah you
yeah oh yeah yo oh dear you yes oh the a
you and all Bao means where is so you
attach any places you want to go before
audio that it becomes where is this is
so for example you wanna go to a looked
at tower look the tower dr. Powell
old you actually the way I'm saying we
are using audio kind of sounds like
Spanish adios yeah yeah yeah I think
maybe that's one way you memorize yeah
except the s abuse yeah like any you
well all do I do
yeah Oda you audio yeah very good
actually not four seasons in Korean we
push seasons Oda she senses Russian
Russian person pronouncing four seasons
[Music]
Oh Oh you and hot dogs you audio where's
the bathroom
hot sauna see how dancing okay hon see
he can do the intonation but not all of
the web oh this is really fun oh wow how
about you
why dancing has I'm sure like licensee
oh yeah that's great
ha dongqn audio licensing I do thank you
that's something I would that's true
comes on you kind of sound eat up tell
me now or if it's too difficult for you
you can just say the informal one if
that sounds more easier the mohel come
out is that informal it's a hell yeah
it's okay and then do come on come on
come on oh you that is actually also oh
come on yo
yeah come on yeah come on yeah very good
because I think like if Korean people
are not good at you know using
voltones is like rude but Atlanta for
foreigners they informal language to you
I think it's yeah and what about how do
you say beautiful
do you have you listened to sighs come
downstairs oh yeah
so in that song he goes
[Music]
[Applause]
that one means beautiful oh okay
even though that was a soul out in our
that's a song so I don't know I don't
know yeah but like or Adam no that
sounds a little awkward just because in
Korean it is very common to just omit
the objects and object because you
already know what we're talking yeah you
know we are way to know what we're
talking all your face so just oh I don't
know we'll be fine autumn now cool I
think my last question is you you're a
Korean yesterday I was at the border
with North Korea Wow yeah yeah and some
Koreans told me that South Koreans don't
actually like to go there because I
think 3,000 people from North Korea
actually came they wanted yeah yeah but
I don't think nobody would ever want to
go to North Korea first of all but like
it's dangerous to go there anyways
because you know you might get I know
yes one of the most dangerous borders
that's what they said yesterday was like
all touristy stuff and what I was
entranced by is that everything is ready
for two Koreas to unite so they have the
train station with like the ticket
machine where you can get a ticket to
pinyon and like all of the tracks are
ready and there is the road bleeding to
North Korea's already like just bingo oh
wow I really want to watch your vlog
because actually Koreans are not allowed
to go there
oh so that's
yeah only foreigners are allowed to go
visit I don't know I don't know so if
you have a Korean passport yeah so but
like I hope some day Korean people are
also you know allowed to go there I am
reviewing the border or the country both
both yeah both because I believe Korea
North Korea is you know you know like
it's same country yes it's just people
because of the EPT oh yeah yes the
government stuff yeah I really should
warn ya I really want to go to North
Korea but I know if I go now
I might have problems entering the
States oh I can either get my password
first or of the waffle you know we hope
of the world peace come please
Russian girl and Korean girl yeah that
was awesome
thank you so much it's really
interesting video for me hopefully for
you as well
if you enjoyed watching this vlog please
like it Korean on each channel will be
below if you're learning Korean grab
scribe she's really fun you'll love it
and I'm your try among you who makes
learning Korean fun and easy awesome
subscribe and subscribe to my channel if
you're not yet subscribed I'll see you
in the next video bye okay